Hi there,

We regret to inform you that the most recent submission of your item was rejected. Please find the details below.


Item name: Veo Flow API — Google Flow API Manager

Item ID: nhpbdcgjjbnoalanbgaeonkhbkbldmja.

Violation(s):

Use of Permissions:

Violation reference ID: Purple Potassium
Violation:
Requesting but not using the following permission(s):
scripting
How to rectify: Perform a full review of your extension's permissions:
Remove the unused permission(s) listed above from your manifest file.
Audit all other permissions requested by your item. Ensure every permission is actively used and necessary for your item's functionality.
Relevant section of the program policy:
Request access to the narrowest permissions necessary to implement your Product's features or services. Don't attempt to "future proof" your Product by requesting a permission that might benefit services or features that have not yet been implemented. (learn more)


This violation was detected as a result of an internal review. Automated means were used to process the action taken against this item. Learn more about enforcement here.

Do you believe this was a mistake?

If you believe that this decision was made in error, please initiate an appeal request by following these steps:

Log into your Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard.
Select the relevant item from your list.
Navigate to the Build > Status page.
Locate the corresponding item revision (either the draft or the published version).
Click the Appeal button to submit your request for review.
If you are located in the EU, you can also learn about additional redress options that may be available to you here.

Routing ID: FZSL


We value developer contributions to the Chrome Web Store, and look forward to helping you bring your item into compliance with our policies.

Thanks,

Chrome Web Store Developer Support

------------------------------------------------------
Developer Terms of Service
Program Policies
Branding Guidelines